docs: expand Gateway Namespace Mode doc on client/server auth (#6616)
envoyproxy/gateway: site/content/en/latest/tasks/operations/gateway-namespace-mode.md

Gateway Namespace Mode changes this behavior by placing Envoy Proxy data plane resources like Deployments, Services and ServiceAccounts in each Gateway's namespace, providing stronger isolation and multi-tenancy.

> Traditional deployment mode uses mTLS where both the client and server authenticate each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default (Controller Namespace) deployment mode uses mTLS where both the client and server authenticate each other.
```
